I I I I I I I I A to At to do is be we up on is It of of on on as to of So is to no it to to to of it in is it on of is me to of in is on -- it is of me to to of in in on it it So it if it is is it it is is no of is So in of go on So in if is to we to in to to So of in ﻿ And not try on. why You can 404 get And you was no, can it. But out ... 404 404 404 not 404 You You is. The 404 get how 404 you And guy not was off for was hit you ask put for 404 you pet it. And you you 404 one out And for was can you you it. And out fun you you can bit You can for URL put 404 you hit one one day one one you was And was all had sit got be. out was can can 404 why And not set are for sex And You get out get see had But are got 404 you you what want tell This "Oh, that page skim that like This walk have just what page page what It's that this Web. It's page this page when Guy: this also find into It's what time took when just want want say, when that it's over when this they it's you. what they it's not, also what good skim back does come they they what fell they your page that for. like he's bulb went this page that tell are, page that felt like what page felt like What it's 404. This this into that like what not, slap They from It's into find that your with your pet. Each play head them love you. big, real into 4:04 next day, gave have $404 Yes. what they that done that I've this take look from your hack like like type down what went sort used will pop. This when that with you. This that you. quick story about milk. start helps that. Renny Whoa! Joey! can't page. found being think "Hey, which could until bring where think where video pants their light like, tells there that, sites their page. which helps face. found this. where build those these that. these there think heard about cash. those could felt, think sites whole these error page, mean, where looks okay. thing error there eight whole would them, this. about from? comes these Thank about right, turned broken around offers there. video. Crowd: lesson result broken moment world, serves little about, thing. broken social that's about, family errors really which, almost bottom things really dicey. things small. issue, global place. that's you're Kinect mobile simple phone. you're Trying behind you're blames you're milk?" remind turned behind you're didn't should loved. that." little That's (Video) finally focused Because digging started errors, brands. website moments mistake matter, they're default They're there's through feeling Because they're figured things, through looking cracks. website there's learned focuses through counter feeling extreme sitters through Because dancing learned excited 24-hour counter sitting they've couples contest. annoying remember services network, Gleeson: actually probably embedded contest. startups spraying rainbows unicorns exercise actually startups actually feeling. actually actually actually startups athletes, yourself, important everybody Dailypath Starbucks yourself. checklist something therapist (Applause) experience Stayhound, counselor. (Laughter) (Applause) technology (Laughter) incubator, (Laughter) experience inherently experience. inspiration interesting experiences everywhere. inspiration effectively relationship commiserates commiserated Athletepath, relationship opportunity? understanding relationship. well-designed 
